Sept 5: Standard edition shift (#14336)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/account-user-mgmt-tutorial.mdx

## Before you start [#requirements]

Before you start this tutorial, some things to understand: 
* Pro or Enterprise [edition](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing#editions) is required

> * This tutorial is for managing users who are on our [newer user model](/docs/accounts/original-accounts-billing/original-users-roles/overview-user-models) (true of almost all New Relic users)

Author: this was my strategy for making it as simple as possible, because it was thought we would not have another user model for a long time. there are few references to the user model distinction and hopefully soon we can entirely get rid of the mentions of all that stuff because there'll only be a single user model.

## Step 1: Organization creation [#create-organization]

> If you're reading this, you likely already have a [New Relic organization](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-structure/new-relic-account-structure). When you [sign up for New Relic](https://newrelic.com/signup), your New Relic organization is created. The organization structure represents a New Relic customer: it's what contains everything relevant to a customer's use of New Relic: their accounts, their users, and their data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're reading this, you likely already have a [New Relic organization](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-structure/new-relic-account-structure). When you [sign up for New Relic](https://newrelic.com/signup), your New Relic organization is created. The organization structure represents a New Relic customer: it's what contains everything relevant to a customer's use of New Relic, such as accounts, users, and data.
```
